(2) In particular, in 2016, PA, SC, NV, MD, LA, and MI have clearly positive state-specific
VOC turnout and AZ, IA, FL, MA, WA, CA, and NY have clearly negative state-specific
VOC turnout. One hypothesis we have is that the state-specific component of VOC
turnout reflects some balance between voter-suppression and organizing in each state.
And that might be reflected somewhat in this list: SC has a long history of voter organizing,
and there is always organizing in the swing-states, like PA, NV, and MI. But that leaves LA
something of a mystery on the positive side. On the negative side, AZ, IA, FL are perhaps
unsurprising.  But WA, MA, CA and NY?  Do a little digging, and you discover that MA and NY
were notoriously bad at provoding convenient ways for people to vote,
though this has begun to change. WA and CA are a little harder to explain.

Does this map to some measure of election integrity? Below we make
a scatter plot of the state-specific component of VOC turnout and
an ["Election Integrity"](https://www.electoralintegrityproject.com)
rating for each state, computed by surveying experts and averaging their
responses across a variety of election-related topics.


(4) How much of the difference between VOC and average turnout is state-specific?
We focus on the states with clearly non-zero (90% confidence)
state-specific VOC turnout effects and look at the demographic
*and* state-specific components on one chart. In the chart below,
the difference between VOC and average turnout in a state (red) is
broken into two components: the state-specific portion (blue)
and the "demographic" component (orange) which comes from the nationwide turnout
rates of the demographic mix of VOC in that particular state.
